Number Man
Will he pray to the king of Tsubosaka for the sake of the people?
The sixth night has come when the full moon is set.
When the four bells ring, he goes up the mountain to Tsubosaka.
As soon as his wife leaves, Sawai-ichi wakes up.
He looks around, but there is no answer.
He goes to the forest, but he does not stop.
There is no way to go to the forest.
He is hungry, but he is in pain.
He goes up the mountain to see the forest.
He goes to the forest, but he does not see the forest.
He sits on his knees and puts his hand on his neck.
He puts his hand on his neck and puts his hand on his neck.
The man in the village is my servant.
He is a man who hides his love.